wow that is a cool short the Lions of
the dandy oh oh really
hi everyone in this video I'm going to
be doing a photo critique of a jack
who'd and he sent in his five photos of
all got their names and they're all
looking pretty damn good when they're
little thumbnails I was seeing here
Jackson is an 18 year old and he's
studying for his a-levels just now you
got in photography about two years ago
and he's really into his macro
photography he uses a fuji s 200 e XR
bridge camera so we're not even talking
digital SLRs here um and he yet so he's
all about macro and landscape a bit
portraits why elated that more of that
in future so let's just go straight two
shots and let's see what we can khatik
about the macro ability that he's been
doing first off wow that is a cool shot
it looks at the water droplets or
dandelions or Tyler let's see what we
said here Danny lines that dawn that's
what this one is called so the Danny
line is covered in goo I had the Sun is
in the background brilliant I used a
small bit fill flash to the deadline
wasn't a complete silhouette good work
that is really quite a striking image I
love the very very very very warm colors
I love the sharpness of the dandelion
spikes that are coming out or the what
do you call them the Lions of the dandy
so you've got the contrast of the sharp
pointy bits with the round orbs of the
washer on it and I'm the sparkle the
sunlight coming through it just looked
great you've also given it a good little
copyright mark at the bottom just nice
simple down there so it's not intrusive
read than that um and it's is good it's
good and like don't see that almost as a
longer shot as well not just portrait
short you've also given a bit of black
background as well great work um how
could this be improved I think it's not
something that can be improved it's just
more I want more of this it feels
amazing it really is an art of showing
like the way that things are out focus
just become amazing in the background it
really is cool you cool like that one oh
oh oh oh good one droplet reflection
flakes of a flower through a droplet of
water add for this I combined two photos
ah damn did you cuz see if that was real
is so god damn cool don't tell me that
don't tell me that list this is a
combination of two photos cuz that looks
really really cool and if that was the
case that is what the background there
but also gives use of thirds and
composition in this image great
saturation of colors and great non
distracting background though this site
might be slightly distracting is the
blur that you're getting from this leaf
coming towards the camera or maybe was
going to wait and but you know mate
that's got a little bit it feels like oh
I'm a little bit my eyes right focused
when that is just so well done and but
yeah that is an impressive macro shot
definitely magazine worthy this is a
tiny water drop hanging from a most
Spore okay that's also how that like the
sporelli big mold it was taken early
morning I use external flash to create a
3d like appearance but yes the flash
that you've used is very well controlled
the background is perfectly blurry I
love how the the droplet is just off
center but yet we've got the leading
line of the actual most spore coming
into the image there it's got an actual
kind of kur of two cities it's framed at
the bottom and it comes round I am and
just I that this this is really like
from a camera which is a bridge camera a
just great um fair yes top marks for
that shot ooh this one looks very nice
as one's shell shell so tiny snail shell
snit a tiny snail shell and balanced on
a blade of grass that is pretty tiny and
for this I tried to emphasize a detail
the shell use an external icing add you
have done it and that is a beautiful
simplistic well lit well exposed good
image yes again submit these into some
magazines honestly any kind of nature
magazines would love this as well no
just photography magazines
without that's so useful at the amount
of the shallots and focus is perfect the
might of the leaf being blurred out is
perfect or the blade of grass mass of
grass and the totally non distracting
background very good work very good work
and I just love this one's color and
everything this is an amazing show why
is this one blue sky drops this is a
dandelion clock balancing a dead link
lock was that we called an actual lions
bouncing on a dandelion ah ok that's
cool photo was taken it from below to
capture the bright blue clothes guys at
personally my favorite photos I really
like the clothes of simplicity and by
goodness I love this photo as well that
it is dramatic it's well composed
there's no bits of download that's cut
off it's in a goose angle is well
focused it's a nice non distracting
background is complementing colors and
the brightness and everything this shot
is brilliant really good um ok Jack that
this that I normally seen people don't
specialize in a type of shock we've only
just going to photography don't
specialize just do everything as much as
you can and but here's a person that's
done something which he's focused more
on do Mac and stuff and he's come out
with some amazing photos um I'd off I
doff my cap off to you jack these are
fantastic shots very well done is there
anything I actually given any critique
apart from I think they're all great
sometimes critique is just that is good
if it's that good well don't definitely
send these off as many magazines as you
can because they are great but under
speak